Introduction of the problem

Covid-19 has affected almost every businesses in the World. Of course, football is one of them. Especially big clubs in European are affected by Covid-19. In 5 big leagues, all of the broadcastings are affected because of empty stadiums. Before Covid-19, the rate of the home wins was more than the rate of the home lossess but with Covid-19, it has changed. Clubs earn money with matchday revenues. However, during Covid-09, many matches were delayed so it caused losing money. Because of the fact that stadiums were empty during Covid-19, clubs lost a lot of revenues. For that reason, they increased the price of tickets and it has affected supporters financail situtation. The COVID-19 pandemic at the beginning of 2020 hit the sports industry hard. Confronting, negotiating and overcoming the challenges posed by the pandemic invited and inspired novel responses and strong improvisations from soccer bodies to players, from referees to spectators, and from journalists to sponsors. 
Statement of the Problem
To say that the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has changed the world would be an understatement. In less than a year since the virus emerged — and just over 6 months since tracking began in the the world — it’s brought about some changes in some industries across the globe. One of them is the football. As the world has gone through a major transformation in the ‘COVID-19, sport in general and football as the most popular mass spectator sport, in particular, has been no exception to this trend.
Significance of the problem
The reason why it is important is just because I am interested in football and I have read a lot of books on fotoball of its impact during Covid-19. In addition to this, there are a lot of people who are interested in football. I taught I could make them happy.
Review of the problem
Now is the time for global solidarity and support, especially with the most vulnerable in our societies, particularly in the emerging and developing world. Only together can we overcome the intertwined health and social and economic impacts of the pandemic and prevent its escalation into a football industry catastrophe, with the potential loss of already achieved development gains. The way soccer has adjusted to the ‘new normal’ standard of the COVID Regime with quarantine sessions for players and match officials, stadiums without or with minimal spectators, COVID safety protocols for people on the field and in the stadium, and so on has elicited newer meanings and representations of the game.
Methods of the problem
Source of Data. What I did here is the pandemic process in the world and the results in the football industry in this process, and accessed the data from this site. In addition, from the link I mentioned below, the effects of football can be seen during the pandemic process and we can see the effects of this pandemic process and how it affects the power to buy tickets.
When I was trying to gather these datas, I have not seen any problems and faced any challenges because there a lot of datas about that topic and most of them are approved by some vital institution.
